this is undoubtedly one of the least
productive days in America nothing got
done in our office today the
n-c-double-a tournament started all work
came to an immediate halt tonight's show
is gonna be terrible okay you know every
year they trot out that statistic about
how much money American businesses lose
because their employees are watching
basketball but it's misleading because
that is that's assuming they would have
been working if they weren't watching
best well truth is we would have been
checking Facebook all right it's good
taking BuzzFeed quizzes but my favorite
part
I love the NCAA tournament but my
favorite part is the close-up shots of
the chubby trombone player screaming at
the camera the band wildly cheering for
players who won't even say hello to them
I was in the band I know the day began
with 64 teams 63 real ones and one from
a made-up college named Gonzaga the the
biggest upset in this tournament so far
might be the one I instigated up in
Washington State I mentioned the other
night that I have a theory and the
theory is I don't believe Gonzaga
University exists I think somebody made
it up to recruit a basketball team it's
like Gonzaga is like eggnog you hear
about it once a year then from fifty
weeks you don't see it disappears it's
gone
apparently I opened a Spokane of worms
because people in Spokane are angry
because I outed them I guess with this
ruse they've been selling last night on
the show I said I need physical evidence
if I am to believe Gonzaga exists and
this is the best they could do do we
have some news for you Gonzaga exists
and we have video to prove it a live
look on campus right now we're
gearing up for the Zags 2003 NCAA
Tournament appearance
look at that bustling totally real
campus
they're obviously extras in front of a
green screen well I could be a live shot
of a retirement home for all I know but
that didn't stop our local affiliate in
Spokane KXLY Channel 4 from continuing
to perpetrate this Oaks we hit campus
today to prove the school and its
students actually exist a lot of them
tell us
Kimmel's not exactly wrong they've heard
this before like what is that place
where is that place I'm like it's not
that surprising to me a lot of my
friends they thought I was in Indiana
and I wouldn't wait that's interesting
because that kid well that kid clearly
wasn't a college student that kid was
Daniel Craig who played James Bond this
conspiracy goes all the way to the top
levels of Hollywood Gonzaga is about as
real as Wakanda or is it what can de I
don't know the correct way all I know is
we should be appointing a special
counsel to look into this and of course
I had a lot of a lot of folks tweeted me
about this Christie wrote Jimmy Kimmel
ever heard of a basketball player named
John Stockton played for 19 years for
the Utah Jazz he went to Gonzaga Prep
high school and Gonzaga for college Oh
nether or to Gonzaga as they're trying
to put I know for a fact John Stockton
did not go to Gonzaga they say it but
the truth of when he was eight years old
John Stockton
was adopted by Karl Malone and they just
started living together and playing
together until eventually they got a
call from the Utah Jazz this one is from
the Attorney General of Washington State
a verified account which is serious
hey Jimmy Kimmel has attorney general of
Washington State I declare under penalty
of perjury that Gonzaga you is real
alright well let's see you say it under
oath aren't your hand on the Bible
Katie writes hey jimmy kimmel Gonzaga
does exist I went on a date with a
professor from there that was so bad it
couldn't be fiction I have a house two
miles north of the campus so stop by if
you want to hear the full story right
that's how they kill me that's what they
do
they lure me to a house two miles north
of an imaginary campus and I'm quiet
punk rap supreme says hey Jimmy Kimmel I
live in Spokane but agree its existence
is debatable if you do visit I'll take
you out for a bag of dicks hamburgers
well I've I'll tell you something I've
had a bag of dicks I lived in Seattle
for a year I'll be several bags of dicks
and finally from Brent I think you're on
to something Jimmy thanks to you I'm
beginning to understand I've been paying
my son's tuition to a fake institution
all these years and that stops now
good cut that little swindler off at the
knees so none of that was convincing and
this is another red flag their school
mascot you know what the mascot for
Gonzaga is of course you don't it's the
Bulldogs and that's perfect because if I
came up with a fictional school I'd pick
the Bulldogs as my aunt looked it up
today there are 44 colleges and
universities with a bulldog mascot - the
most common one of all and listen to
this phoney fight song they claim was
written all the way back in 2010 it's
called go Gonzaga
[Music]
all right that's not a song okay
no one's ever sung that little play a
little bit more
[Music]
right even their school song isn't real
this is ridiculous
the lengths they go to to convince us
this school is really even made a video
promotional video it makes no sense
for 132 years Gonzaga University has
maintained a singular mission preparing
young men and women for the real world
where Gonzaga is founded in 1887 by
captain Tiberius G Gonzaga in a secret
Valley visible only to those who are
pure of heart
Gonzaga grew from a one-room boarding
house that taught rope making into one
of the most tangible and actual
universities in America but don't take
our word for it
take a hot-air-balloon to campus to see
our physically real buildings which are
not abandoned structures made to look
like a campus at all at Gonzaga we
maintain a strong and proud connection
to our alumni like Baker and
businesswoman Betty Crocker film
director Alan Smithee famous lumberjack
Paul Bunyan and maple syrup magnate Mrs
Butterworth all proud graduates of
Gonzaga University come to Gonzaga we're
here and we are palpable believe in
Gonzaga because Gonzaga believes in you
yeah nothing if you like that video
click Subscribe and we'll be together
until one of us dies